docs(splitter): Revamp Panes article (#2241)
telerik/blazor-docs: common-features/dimensions.md

# Dimensions

This article explains how dimensional properties like `Width`, `Height`, `Top` and `Left` work in Telerik UI for Blazor to set size and position.

## Basics

> Component parameters for dimensions and positions are usually `string` properties that are not parsed by our code. You can set any [valid CSS unit](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/Values_and_units). For example, `100px`, `50%`, or `80vw` are valid options. This provides you with flexibility without limiting options. At the time of writing there is no `Unit` type in the underlying framework.

Author: Changing to

> For example, `100px`, `50%`, or `80vw` are all valid options.

The string you provide is usually rendered as an inline `style` attribute, so you must make sure to provide a valid value that will not break other options. You do not need to include a semicolon (`;`) in the parameter value.

## Percentages

When setting percentage values like `100%` or `50%`, keep in mind the following: web standards require elements with percentage heights to have a parent with an explicit height. This requirement applies recursively until either an element with a pixel height or the `html` element is reached. Elements that are 100% high should not have margins, paddings, borders, or sibling elements, unless you set a [`box-sizing:border-box`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/box-sizing) CSS style to them.

> When setting percentage dimensions to elements with special positioning (such as `Width` of a Window or the popup `Width` of a dropdown), their parent element in the DOM determines the resulting component dimensions.

Reviewer: Why is Window capitalized but not dropdown (and vice versa)? If there's no particular reason, I recommend using lowercase for both.

Author: Here "dropdown" is a generic term for multiple components. I will change it to DropDownList for consistency.

## Position

When using positioning parameters, for example `Top` or `Left`, the component placement may be affected by CSS styles on the component's parent. If you experience issues, [inspect the rendered HTML to see what elements are present and what their CSS styles are]({%slug themes-override%}#tools).

> >tip You can set dimensions in percent (such as `Width="100%"`) to make the components responsive and resize, according to the app layout and browser viewport. A lot of components expand to 100% width by default, for example, the Grid, Form, Scheduler, Spreadsheet, all input components, and others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>tip You can set dimensions in percentage (such as `Width="100%"`) to make the components responsive and let them resize according to the app layout and browser viewport. A lot of components expand to 100% width by default, for example, the Grid, Form, Scheduler, Spreadsheet, all input components, and others.
```
